Extend service invocation to non-Dapr endpoints docs (#3384)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/api/metadata_api.md

weight: 1100
---

> Dapr has a metadata API that returns information about the sidecar allowing runtime discoverability. The metadata endpoint returns a list of the components and HTTPEndpoints loaded, the activated actors (if present) and attributes with information attached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dapr has a metadata API that returns information about the sidecar allowing runtime discoverability. The metadata endpoint returns a list of the resources (components and HttpEndpoints loaded), the activated actors (if present) and attributes with information attached.
```

> Dapr has a metadata API that returns information about the sidecar allowing runtime discoverability. The metadata endpoint returns a list of the resources (components and HttpEndpoints loaded), the activated actors (if present) and attributes with information attached.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Dapr has a metadata API that returns information about the sidecar allowing runtime discoverability. The metadata endpoint returns a list of the resources (components and HttpEndpoints loaded), the activated actors (if present), and attributes with information attached.
```

State Store    | ETAG, TRANSACTION, ACTOR, QUERY_API
Binding        | INPUT_BINDING, OUTPUT_BINDING

## HTTPEndpoints

> Each loaded HttpEndpoint provides a name to easily identify the Dapr resource associated with the runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each loaded `HttpEndpoint` provides a name to easily identify the Dapr resource associated with the runtime.
```

> Each loaded HTTPEndpoint provides its name to easily identify the Dapr resource associated with the runtime. Additional information can then be found by using the name in [Kubernetes]({{< ref kubernetes-overview.md >}}) commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each loaded HttpEndpoint provides a name to identify the Dapr resource. 
```
You cannot say use K8s tools, since this may be running on just VMs.
